Add option to only allow tokens to be POSTed (#20351)
piwik/piwik: CHANGELOG.md

### Updated commands
* The default maximum number of archivers processes to run concurrently has changed from unlimited to three. The `--concurrent-archivers` parameter can be used to increase this limit. A value of -1 will use an unlimited number of concurrent archivers

### Tokens

> * By default, new token auths will be restricted to use in POST requests only, this is recommended for improved security. This option can be unselected when creating a new token. Existing tokens will continue to work with both POST and GET requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Usage of authentication tokens
* By default, new authentication tokens will be restricted to be used in POST requests only. This is recommended for improved security. This option can be unselected when creating a new token. Existing tokens will continue to work with both, POST and GET requests.
```

> * A new config setting `only_allow_posted_auth_tokens` defaulting to `0`. Enabling this option will prevent any use of tokens in GET API requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new config setting `only_allow_posted_auth_tokens`, defaulting to `0`, has been added. Enabling this option will prevent any use of tokens in GET API requests.
```
